README.md, before:

# Luminescent Platinum Nuzlocke Tracker

## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
  - [Discord](#Discord)
  - [Features](#🚀-features)
  - [How it works](#✨-how-it-works)
- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Versioning](#versioning)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [Legal](#legal)

## About

https://lumiplat.netlify.app

Web app to track and record encounters in any Pokémon game. Including custom games!

All Pokémon included up to generation 8.

Built with ReactJS, Create-React-App, Zustand and Semantic UI.

For best results use incognito mode and export your teams with the export button frequently.

### Discord

Join us on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/luminescent) to report any features you would like added or any issues that you come up against.

### 🚀 Features

- Record your encounters with detailed information, including: pokemon, level, gender, ability, nature, item and more!
- Accurate encounter tables for every location
- Level caps for all gym leaders and it's customizable!
- Add and edit custom games and custom encounter locations
- Search and filter through all encounters - including only missing encounters
- Export, import and share Nuzlocke runs with others!
- Fully integrated damage calculator
- Share, add and edit custom rules and rulesets - including smart rules that alert if they're broken
- View overview and summary of your nuzlocke run
- Dupes clause alerts
- Works offline
- Nickname randomizer
- Details on all Gym and Elite Four pokémon and even other Bosses (in the calculator) with IVs and EVs
- Download a summary image
- Build an ideal team with the Team Builder!
- Quick access to details on type effectiveness and natures
- Encounter suggestions
- Soul Link integrations

### ✨ How it works

- Adding Encounter:

![til](https://media.giphy.com/media/ncqqOirC9cs0ivsM0n/giphy.gif)

- Editing Encounter:

![til](https://media.giphy.com/media/Z4AY4mygCoZZXakPCj/giphy.gif)

- Badges:

![til](https://media.giphy.com/media/goQZ8dBGVL8ELDdaER/giphy.gif)

- Team Builder:

![til](https://media.giphy.com/media/dPFBWj43BKMsSLjJSD/giphy.gif)

- Damage Calculator:

![Imgur Image](https://i.imgur.com/XpZfPhg.png)

- Summary Image:

![Imgur Image](https://i.imgur.com/viBwwxQ.png)

## Getting started

### 🔑 Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.

- [git](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git#:~:text=To%20install%20Git%2C%20run%20the,installation%20by%20typing%3A%20git%20version%20.)
- npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```
- yarn
  ```sh
  npm install --global yarn
  ```

### 💻 Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/TeamLumi/LumiPlat_NuzlockeTracker.git
   cd LumiPlat_NuzlockeTracker
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   yarn
   ```
3. Run the project locally
   ```bash
   yarn start
   ```

## Running the tests

This project uses [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/) for testing. To run them:

```sh
yarn e2e
```

In the new window execute any of the \*.spec.ts files.

This will run the unit tests:

```bash
yarn test
```

## Deployment

The project automatically deploys to [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) when changes are detected on the **master** branch.

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/TeamLumi/LumiPlat_NuzlockeTracker/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## License

This project is licensed under the BSD-3-Clause License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/diballesteros/nuzlocke/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details

## Acknowledgements

- Images provided by [Bulbapedia](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Main_Page)
- Icons made by [Darius Dan](http://www.dariusdan.com) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- Icons made by [Roundicons Freebies](http://www.roundicons.com) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- Icons made by [Nikita Golubev](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/nikita-golubev) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- Icons made by [Freepik](https://www.freepik.com) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- Icons made by [Vectors Market](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/vectors-market) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- Nickname list provided by [Find Nicknames](https://www.findnicknames.com/pokemon-nicknames/)

## Legal

Pokémon © 2002-2021 Pokémon. © 1995-2021 Nintendo/Creatures Inc./GAME FREAK inc. TM, ® and Pokémon character names are trademarks of Nintendo.

Commit message:

Add legal moves in features list

README.md, after:

# Luminescent Platinum Nuzlocke Tracker

## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
  - [Discord](#Discord)
  - [Features](#🚀-features)
  - [How it works](#✨-how-it-works)
- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Versioning](#versioning)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [Legal](#legal)

## About

https://lumiplat.netlify.app

Web app to track and record encounters in any Pokémon game. Including custom games!

All Pokémon included up to generation 8.

Built with ReactJS, Create-React-App, Zustand and Semantic UI.

For best results use incognito mode and export your teams with the export button frequently.

### Discord

Join us on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/luminescent) to report any features you would like added or any issues that you come up against.

### 🚀 Features

- Record your encounters with detailed information, including: pokemon, level, gender, ability, nature, item and more!
- Accurate encounter tables for every location
- Level caps for all gym leaders and it's customizable!
- Add and edit custom games and custom encounter locations
- Search and filter through all encounters - including only missing encounters
- Export, import and share Nuzlocke runs with others!
- Fully integrated damage calculator
- Choose from legal moves that a pokemon can learn when selecting a moveset
- Share, add and edit custom rules and rulesets - including smart rules that alert if they're broken
- View overview and summary of your nuzlocke run
- Dupes clause alerts
- Works offline
- Nickname randomizer
- Details on all Gym and Elite Four pokémon and even other Bosses (in the calculator) with IVs and EVs
- Download a summary image
- Build an ideal team with the Team Builder!
- Quick access to details on type effectiveness and natures
- Encounter suggestions
- Soul Link integrations

### ✨ How it works

- Adding Encounter:

![til](https://media.giphy.com/media/ncqqOirC9cs0ivsM0n/giphy.gif)

- Editing Encounter:

![til](https://media.giphy.com/media/Z4AY4mygCoZZXakPCj/giphy.gif)

- Badges:

![til](https://media.giphy.com/media/goQZ8dBGVL8ELDdaER/giphy.gif)

- Team Builder:

![til](https://media.giphy.com/media/dPFBWj43BKMsSLjJSD/giphy.gif)

- Damage Calculator:

![Imgur Image](https://i.imgur.com/XpZfPhg.png)

- Summary Image:

![Imgur Image](https://i.imgur.com/viBwwxQ.png)

## Getting started

### 🔑 Prerequisites

This is an example of how to list things you need to use the software and how to install them.

- [git](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git#:~:text=To%20install%20Git%2C%20run%20the,installation%20by%20typing%3A%20git%20version%20.)
- npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```
- yarn
  ```sh
  npm install --global yarn
  ```

### 💻 Installation

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/TeamLumi/LumiPlat_NuzlockeTracker.git
   cd LumiPlat_NuzlockeTracker
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   yarn
   ```
3. Run the project locally
   ```bash
   yarn start
   ```

## Running the tests

This project uses [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/) for testing. To run them:

```sh
yarn e2e
```

In the new window execute any of the \*.spec.ts files.

This will run the unit tests:

```bash
yarn test
```

## Deployment

The project automatically deploys to [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) when changes are detected on the **master** branch.

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/TeamLumi/LumiPlat_NuzlockeTracker/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## License

This project is licensed under the BSD-3-Clause License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/diballesteros/nuzlocke/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details

## Acknowledgements

- Images provided by [Bulbapedia](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/Main_Page)
- Icons made by [Darius Dan](http://www.dariusdan.com) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- Icons made by [Roundicons Freebies](http://www.roundicons.com) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- Icons made by [Nikita Golubev](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/nikita-golubev) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- Icons made by [Freepik](https://www.freepik.com) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- Icons made by [Vectors Market](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/vectors-market) from [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- Nickname list provided by [Find Nicknames](https://www.findnicknames.com/pokemon-nicknames/)

## Legal

Pokémon © 2002-2021 Pokémon. © 1995-2021 Nintendo/Creatures Inc./GAME FREAK inc. TM, ® and Pokémon character names are trademarks of Nintendo.
